~ 1 John 2 ~

Little children of me, these I write to you, that not you sin. And if anyone
sins, an advocate we have with the Father, Jesus Christ ^the^ righteous; and He
a propitiation is concerning the sins of us; not concerning ours and only, but
also concerning all the world. And by this we know that we have known him, if
the commands of him we keep. The ^one^ saying, I have known Him, and the
commands of Him not keeping a liar is, and in this one the truth not is, whoever
but keeps of him the word, truly in this one the love of God has been perfected.
By this we know that in him we are. The ^one^ saying in him to remain ought as
that ^one^ walked, also himself so to walk. Brothers, not a commandment new I
write to you, but a commandment old, which you had from ^the^ beginning the
commandment old is the word which you have heard from ^the^ beginning. Again
commandment new I write to you, what is true in Him and in you, because the
darkness is passing away, and the light true already shines. He saying in the
light to be and the brother of him hating in the darkness is until now. He
loving the brother of him, in the light rests, and offense in him not is, the
^one^ but hating the brother of him, in the darkness is, and in the darkness
walks, and not knows where he is going; for the darkness blinded. The eyes of
him. I write to you, little children, for have forgiven been you the sins
because of the name of him. I write to you, fathers, because you have known the
^one^ from beginning. I wrote to you, young men, because you have overcome the
evil one. I wrote to you, young ones, for you have known the Father, I wrote to
you, fathers, because you have known the ^one^ from beginning. I wrote to you
young men, that strong you are, and the word of God in you remains, and you have
overcome the evil one. Do not love the world, nor the things in the world. If
anyone loves the world, not is the love of the father in him; because all which
^is^ that in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the
pride of life, not is of the father, but of the world is. And the world is
passing away, and the lust of it; he but doing the will of God remains to the
age. Young ones, a last hour it is, and as you heard that the antichrist is
coming, even now antichrists may have come to be; from which you know that a
last hour it is. From us they went out but not they were of us; if for they were
of us, they have remained would with us; but that is might be revealed that not
they are all of us and you an anointing have from the holy one, and you know
all. Not I wrote to you because not you know the truth, but because you know it,
and because every lie of the truth not is. You is the liar, except the ^one^
denying that Jesus now is the Christ? This is the antichrist, the ^one^ denying
the father and the son. Everyone denying the Son neither the father has; the
^one^ confessing the Son also the Father has. You then what you heard from ^the^
beginning, in you let it remain. If in you remains what from beginning you
heard, both you in the Son and in the Father will remain. And this is the
promise which He promised us the life everlasting. These things I wrote to you
concerning those leading astray you. And you the anointing which received from
Him in you remains, and no need you have that anyone teach you; but as the of
him anointing teaches you concerning all things, and true is, and not is a lie,
and as he taught you, remain in him. And now, little children, remain in him,
that when he is revealed we may have confidence, and not be shamed from him in
the coming of him. If you know that righteous he is, know that everyone doing
the righteousness, of him has been born.
