~ 1 Peter 2 ~

Laying aside then all malice and all guilt, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all
evil words, as newborn babes, the spiritual pure milk desire, that by it you may
grow, if indeed you tasted that good the Lord ^is^, to whom drawing near, a
stone living, by men indeed having been rejected by but God elect, precious,
also yourselves as stones living are being built a house spiritual, a priesthood
holy, to offer spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ.
Because indeed it is contained in the Scripture. Behold, I lay in Zion a stone
corner foundation elect, precious, and the ^one^ believing on him not at all
shall be shamed. To you, then, then honor, those believing, to disobeying ones,
but a stone which rejected those building. This ^one^ came to be for head of
^the^ corner, and a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offense to those stumbling
at the word disobeying, to which indeed they were appointed you but a race
elect, a royal priesthood, a nation holy, a people for possession, so as the
virtues you may speak out of he from darkness you calling into the marvelous of
him light; who then not a people, now but people God’s, those not pitied, now
but pitied. Beloved, I exhort ^you^ as sojourners and aliens to abstain from
fleshly lusts, which war against the soul, the behavior of you among the nations
having good, that in which they speak against you as evildoers, by the good
works having witnessed, they may glorify God in a day of visitation. Be
obedient, then, to every of men ordinance because of the Lord; whether to a king
as being supreme, or to governors, as through him having been sent for vengeance
indeed ^on^ evildoers, praise but of well-doers; because so is the will of God,
doing good to silence the of foolish men ignorance; as free, and not as a cover
having of evil freedom but as slaves of God, all honor, the brotherhood love,
God fear, the king honor. Servants, be obedient in all fear to the masters ^of
you^, not only to the good and forbearing but also to the perverse. This for
^is^ a grace, if because of conscience of God bears anyone grief, suffering
unjustly, what for glory ^is it^ if sinning and being buffeted you patiently
endure? But if doing good and suffering you patiently endure, this ^is^ a grace
from God, to this for you were called even Christ suffered on behalf of us, for
us leaving behind an example that you should follow the steps of Him; who sin
did not do, nor was found guile in the mouth of him; who being reviled did not
revile in return; suffering, not he threatened, gave ^himself^ but to him
judging righteously, the sins of us who himself carried up in the body of him
onto the tree, that to sins dying, to righteousness we might live; of whom by
the wound of him you were healed, you were for as sheep wandering, but you
turned not to the shepherd and overseer of the souls of you.
